In the last lecture we parameterised our first year that they'd pipe.
Now let's learn more about all the built in pipes and how we can configure them the place to learn more
is the official documentation.
So you can't just head to angular dot IO and there are docs.
Click on API reference.
Now you may ignore the words number up here it should be four point something at the point of time you
viewed it did you.
I'm just recording this in advance.
But the pipes won't change or haven't changed.
So here you can enter pipe as a filter and then you view all the pipes which are built into angular.
And there you see we get a couple of them.
We already used to date pipe and the uppercase pipe.
There also is a slice pipe which allows you to take a slice of the input and there you would see that
the sliced pipe actually takes multiple arguments to start and end so where it should start slicing
out a piece of the word and where it should and.
You can also give you a detailed explanation and an example.
So this is really a great place to dive into pipes and play around with them since there is not much
sense in covering them all in detail here.
But you buy video as they are very specific in the use case and the documentation here is really great
for diving deeper into it.
So with that out of the way I want to have a look at the date pipe here.
You can see how you can configure it.
You can see a couple of different shortcuts for getting a specific date format.
Or you can form it from scratch with the typical symbols like lowercase D for a day and so on.
So this is where you can dive into how to make the data look exactly how you wanted to look.
Now with that let's move on to creating a road pipe or all those moved to that point.
One other thing and then you move on